about,exactly
above,below
absence,presence
abundance,lack
accidental,intentional
active,lazy
adult,child
advanced,elementary
affirmative,negative
afraid,brave
after,before
against,for
alike,different
alive,dead
all,none
already,not yet
always,never
ancient,modern
ancestor,descendant
amateur,professional
ancestor,descendant
angel,devil
animal,human
answer,question
antonym,synonym
apart,together
approximately,exactly
arrival,departure
artificial,natural
asleep,awake
attack,defence, protection
attic,cellar
autumn,spring
awake,asleep
awful,delicious, nice, pleasant
background,foreground
backward,forward
bad,good
beauty,ugliness
before,after
beginning,end, ending
below,above
best,worst
better,worse
beautiful,ugly
big,small, little
birth,death
bitter,sweet
black,white
blunt,sharp
body,soul
boring,exciting, interesting
bottom,top
boy,girl
brave,cowardly, afraid
broad,narrow
brother,sister
busy,lazy
calm,excited
careful,careless
careless,careful
ceiling,floor
cellar,attic
centre,outskirts, suburb
certainly,probably
changeable,constant
cheap,expensive
child,adult
children,parents
clean,dirty
clear,cloudy
clever,stupid
closed,open
cloudy,clear, sunny, bright
comedy,drama, tragedy
complicated,simple
compliment,insult
compulsory,voluntary
consonant,vowel
constant,changeable
construction,destruction
cool,warm
correct,false, wrong
courage,fear
courageous,cowardly
cowardly,brave, courageous
cruel,human, kind
danger,security, safety
dangerous,safe
dark,light
daughter,son
dawn,dusk
day,night
dead,alive
death,birth, life
deep,shallow
defeat,victory
defence,attack
delicious,awful
departure,arrival
desperate,hopeful
destruction,construction
devil,angel
dictatorship,republic
different,alike, equal, same
difficult,easy
dirty,clean
disease,health
distant,near
division,unity
divorce,marriage, wedding
divorced,married
domestic,foreign
down,up
downstairs,upstairs
drama,comedy
dull,interesting
dusk,dawn
early,late
east,west
easy,difficult, hard
elementary,advanced
emigration,immigration
empty,full
end,beginning
ending,beginning
enemy,friend
entrance,exit
equal,different
even,odd
evening,morning
everybody,nobody
everything,nothing
exactly,about, approximately
excited,calm
exciting,boring
exit,entrance
expensive,cheap
export,import
exposure,shelter
extreme,moderate
failure,success
false,correct, true
far,near
fast,slow
fat,slim, thin
fear,courage
female,male
few,many
final,first
finish,start
first,final, last
flat,hilly
floor,ceiling
for,against
foreground,background
foreign,domestic
foreigner,native
forward,backward
frequently,occasionally
fresh,old,stale
friend,enemy
front,rear
full,empty
funny,serious
future,past, present
general,particular, special
generous,mean
gentle,violent, rough, strict
gentleman,lady
giant,tiny, very little, small
girl,boy
good,bad
guest,host
guilty,innocent
happiness,sadness
happy,sad
handsome,ugly
hard,easy, soft
health,disease, illness
healthy,ill, sick
heat,cold
heaven,hell
heavy,light
hell,heaven
here,there
high,deep
high,low
hilly,flat
hopeful,desperate, hopeless
hopeless,hopeful
horizontal,vertical
host,guest, visitor
hot,cold
huge,tiny
human,animal
humane,cruel
humid,dry
hungry,thirsty
husband,wife
ill,healty, well
immigration,emigration
import,export
innocent,guilty
inside,outside
insult,compliment
intelligent,silly, stupid
intentional,accidental
interesting,boring, dull
junior,senior
kind,cruel
lack,abundance, plenty
lady,gentleman
land,water
large,small
last,first
late,early
lazy,active, busy
left,right
less,more
life,death
light,dark
light,heavy
liquid,solid
little,big, large
little,much
long,short
loser,winner
loud,quiet
lovely,terrible
low,high
major,minor
male,female
man,woman
many,few, some
marriage,divorce
married,divorced, single
master,servant
maximum,minimum
mean,generous
men,women
mess,order
midnight,noon
minimum,maximum
minor,major
moderate,extreme
modern,ancient, old
monarchy,republic
moon,sun
more,less
morning,evening
mountain,valley
much,little
narrow,broad, wide
nasty,nice, pleasant
native,foreigner, stranger
natural,artificial
near,distant, far
negative,affirmative
nephew,niece
never,always
new,ancient, old
nice,awful, nasty
niece,nephew
night,day
no,yes
nobody,everybody
noisy,quiet, silent
noon,midnight
normal,strange
north,south
nothing,everything
now,then
occasionally,frequently
occupied,vacant
odd,even
off,on
often,seldom, sometimes
old,modern, new, young
on,off
open,closed, shut
open,closed
opponent,supporter
order,mess
ordinary,special
other,same
out,in
outside,inside
outskirts,centre
over,under
parents,children
part,whole
partial,total
particular,general
past,future, present
peace,war
plenty,lack
pleasant,awful
polite,rude
poor,rich, wealthy
poverty,wealth
powerful,weak
presence,absence
present,past, future
pretty,ugly
private,public
probably,certainly
professional,amateur
protection,attack
public,private
pupil,teacher
question,answer
quick,slow
quiet,loud, noisy
rainy,sunny
rear,front
regret,satisfaction
reply,question
republic,dictatorship, monarchy
rich,poor
right,left
right,wrong
rough,gentle
rough,smooth, soft
rude,polite
rural,urban
sad,happy
sadness,happiness
safe,dangerous
safety,danger
salt,sugar
same,different
satisfaction,regret
security,danger
seldom,often
senior,junior
serious,funny
servant,master
shallow,deep
sharp,blunt
shelter,exposure
short,long, tall
sick,healthy
silent,noisy
silly,intelligent
simple,complicated
single,married
sister,brother
slim,fat
slow,fast, quick
small,big, large, tall
smooth,rough
soft,hard, rough
solid,liquid
some,many
sometimes,often
son,daughter
soul,body
sour,sweet
south,north
special,general, ordinary
spring,autumn
start,finish, end, stop
strange,normal
stranger,native
strict,gentle
strong,weak
student,teacher
stupid,clever, intelligent
suburb,centre
success,failure
sugar,salt
summer,winter
sun,moon
sunny,cloudy, rainy
supporter,opponent
sweet,bitter, sour
synonym,antonym
tall,small, short
teacher,pupil, student
then,now
terrible,lovely
there,here
thick,thin
thin,thick, fat
thirsty,hungry
tight,loose
tiny,giant, huge
together,apart
tomorrow,yesterday
top,bottom
total,partial
town,village
tragedy,comedy
true,false
ugliness,beauty
ugly,beautiful, handsome, pretty
under,over
unity,division
up,down
upstairs,downstairs
urban,rural
useful,useless
useless,useful
vacant,occupied
valley,mountain
vertical,horizontal
victory,defeat
village,town
violent,gentle
visitor,host
voluntary,compulsory
vowel,consonant
war,peace
warm,cool
water,land
weak,powerful, strong
wealth,poverty
wealthy,poor
wedding,divorce
well,ill
west,east
wet,dry
white,black
whole,part
wide,narrow
wife,husband
winner,loser
winter,summer
woman,man
women,men
worse,better
worst,best
wrong,correct, right
yes,no
yesterday,tomorrow
young,old